[docs] improve documentation for building images (#2557)
temporalio/temporal: docker/README.md

## Prerequisites

To build docker image, you will need [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).

> To *run* the docker image with dependencies (e.g. PostgreSQL and Elasticsearch), you can use `docker-compose`. See our [docker-compose repo](https://github.com/temporalio/docker-compose) for reference configurations.

Reviewer: There is still a missing piece to use the locally built images.

The tags in the docker compose need to be updated to `test`

Assuming that is the goal of the update, build locally and make use of those built images.

Reviewer: On this topic, I think its time to add a `.env` file to the docker-compose repo.

It would be simpler to override the tag and for version updates as well.

## Prerequisites

To build our docker image, you will need [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).

## Build docker image from master

You can build the image by running `make`:

```bash
# at project root
make docker-auto-setup
```

> This will build a local `temporalio/auto-setup` docker image with the label "test".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will build a local `temporalio/auto-setup` docker image with the tag "test".
```

> To *run* the docker image with dependencies (e.g. PostgreSQL and Elasticsearch), you can use `docker-compose`. See our [docker-compose repo](https://github.com/temporalio/docker-compose) for reference configurations - and update the image accordingly to `image: temporalio/auto-setup:1.15.0`.

Reviewer: Did you mean to update this as well?

```suggestion
To *run* the docker image with dependencies (e.g. PostgreSQL and Elasticsearch), you can use `docker-compose`. See our [docker-compose repo](https://github.com/temporalio/docker-compose) for reference configurations - and update the image accordingly to `image: temporalio/auto-setup:test`.
```

Author: facepalm
